Advanced Visibility with SQL updates for v1.20 (#1926)
temporalio/documentation: docs/visibility.md

- ExecutionStatus values correspond to Workflow Execution statuses: Running, Completed, Failed, Canceled, Terminated, ContinuedAsNew, TimedOut.

- StartTime, CloseTime, and ExecutionTime are stored as dates but are supported by queries that use either EpochTime in nanoseconds or a string in [RFC3339Nano format](https://pkg.go.dev/time#pkg-constants) (such as "2006-01-02T15:04:05.999999999Z07:00").

- ExecutionDuration is stored in nanoseconds but is supported by queries that use integers in nanoseconds, [Golang duration format](https://pkg.go.dev/time#ParseDuration), or "hh:mm:ss" format.

- CloseTime, HistoryLength, StateTransitionCount, and ExecutionDuration are present only in a closed Workflow Execution.

- ExecutionTime can differ from StartTime in retry and cron use cases.

You can use the default Search Attributes in a List Filter, say in your WebUI or with the `tctl workflow list` commands, under the following conditions:

- Without Advanced Visibility, you can only use the `=` operator with a single default Search Attribute in your List Filter. For example: `tctl workflow list -q "ExecutionStatus = 'Completed'"` or `tctl workflow list -q "WorkflowType = 'YourWorkflow'"`.

> - With Advanced Visibility, you can combine default Search Attributes in a List Filter to get a list of specific Workflow Executions. For example: `tctl workflow list -q "WorkflowType = "main.YourWorkflowDefinition" and ExecutionStatus != "Running" and (StartTime > "2021-06-07T16:46:34.236-08:00" or CloseTime < "2021-06-08T16:46:34-08:00")"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With Advanced Visibility, you can combine default Search Attributes in a List Filter to get a list of specific Workflow Executions. For example: `tctl workflow list -q "WorkflowType = 'main.YourWorkflowDefinition' and ExecutionStatus != 'Running' and (StartTime > '2021-06-07T16:46:34.236-08:00' or CloseTime < '2021-06-08T16:46:34-08:00')"`
```

#### Custom Search Attributes

You can create custom Search Attributes with unique key names that are relevant to your business needs.

Use custom Search Attributes in a List Filter, say in your WebUI or with the `tctl workflow list` commands, with the following conditions:

- Without Advanced Visibility, you cannot use a custom Search Attribute in your List Filter.

> - With Advanced Visibility, you can create multiple custom Search Attributes and use them in combinations with List Filters to get specific Workflow Executions list. For example: `tctl workflow list -q "WorkflowType = "main.YourWorkflowDefinition" and YourCustomSA = "YourCustomSAValue" and (StartTime > "2021-06-07T16:46:34.236-08:00" or CloseTime < "2021-06-08T16:46:34-08:00")"`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- With Advanced Visibility, you can create multiple custom Search Attributes and use them in combinations with List Filters to get specific Workflow Executions list. For example: `tctl workflow list -q "WorkflowType = 'main.YourWorkflowDefinition' and YourCustomSA = 'YourCustomSAValue' and (StartTime > '2021-06-07T16:46:34.236-08:00' or CloseTime < '2021-06-08T16:46:34-08:00')"`
```

  - With Temporal Server v1.20 and later, custom Search Attribute capabilities are available on MySQL (v8.0.17 or later), PostgreSQL (v12 and later), and SQLite (v3.31.0 and later), in addition to Elasticsearch.

If you use Elasticsearch as your Visibility store, your custom Search Attributes apply globally and can be used across Namespaces. However, if using any of the [supported SQL databases](/cluster-deployment-guide#visibility-store) with Temporal Server v1.20, your custom Search Attributes will be associated with a specific Namespace, and can be used for Workflow Executions in that Namespace.

See [Search Attribute limits](#search-attributes-limits) for limits on the number and size of custom Search Attributes you can create.

To create custom Search Attributes in your Visibility store, use [`tctl search-attribute create`](/tctl-next/search-attribute#create) with `--name` and `--type` modifier. For example, to create a Search Attribute called `CustomSA` of type `Text`, run:

> `tctl search-attribute create --name "CustomSA" --type Text`

Reviewer: ditto

> You can only create and remove custom Search Attribute keys in your Visibility store. Renaming a custom Search Attribute is not supported.

Reviewer: ditto

  - As a **Text** it would be matched by `ProductId = 2dd8`, which could cause unwanted matches.
- The **Text** type cannot be used in the "Order By" clause.

#### Search Attributes limits

<!-- TODO - [How to configure maximum number of Search Attribute keys per Cluster](#) -->

The following table lists the maximum number of custom Search Attributes you can create per Namespace by supported Visibility database.

| Search Attribute Type | MySQL (v8.0.17 and later) | PostgreSQL (v12 and later) | SQLite (v3.31.0 and later) | Temporal Cloud |
| --------------------- | :-----------------------: | :------------------------: | :------------------------: | :------------: |
| Keyword               |            10             |             10             |             10             |       20       |

> | Keywordlist           |            10             |             10             |             10             |       20       |

Reviewer: ditto
